♪ I'm the pimp on top,
can't never be stopped ♪
♪ Frylock is on the bottom, and
your mama on my... ♪
Shakezula is
m'elegante de la casa.
El Meatwad es tan grande.
♪ Don't understand why
you're [bleep] with a "g" ♪
♪ 'Cause Shake got the bait,
make a blind man see ♪
♪ Meatwad got your
mama in my ride ♪
♪ Rollin' up the whole up and
then keep the hoes high ♪
♪ "Aqua Something You Know..." ♪
Eh, whatever.
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
Hey, what's going on here, ah?
You're looking at it, tubs.
It's on.
Anybody here want to go, uh,
see a serious rock show?
Get your face melted off?
Blow your hair to the
back of the auditorium?
You want to be seen
with us in public?
- Are you paying for it?
- I'm giving you a deal.
40 bucks a pop. That is a steal.
Oh, okay. No, thank you, then.
How about $12? That's face value.
I-I can't do no better than that.
Sorry, Carl.
As you can see, we're booked.
- You ain't even heard what this is yet.
- What is it?
The world's greatest east german
metal band... Totem Pole.
This is their "Trapped Inside Alive" tour.
Yeah, no, thank you.
They've been behind the iron
curtain for way too long.
Finally, the pole is
brought stateside tonight!
All right. Have a
good time, man.
- 8 bucks a pop. How about that?
- No.
- 4 bucks. Come on!
- Nope.
I'm gonna eat 95 tickets
if you don't buy these!
- 95 tickets?
- There was a 96-ticket limit online.
Figured I could flip 'em at the show.
I may have overestimated
demand for Totem Pole.
You can sell them, Carl.
You're a good salesman.
I'm hooked, and I don't
even know what it is.
Fine. Free! Merry [bleep] Christmas!
'Cause you got a free Totem
pole show out of this!
You know that ad that says the
best things in life are free?
I believe it, and that's
why I want to go.
Yeah, me too. I'm the demographic
for free, because I'm unemployable.
What does this Totem Pole sing?
A lot of songs about forming human Totem
poles and shoving heads up asses.
Yeah, they're way into that.
Check it out... "Poles On Patrol,"
"Poles & Souls," "Poleorite,"
"Glory Pole"... that's the seminal album.
That's the desert-island disc.
"Poleing Place"... they got
very political in that one.
"For Whom the Bell Poles"... classic.
"Polegasm"... classic.
"How Many Poles to Screw In the Bulb?"...
another classic.
"Polenight," "Not Polite To Say
No To Polenight"... that's their
first English-speaking album.
"Ringthrust"... that's a double
album, and it also marks the
first time they didn't use the word
"pole" in their album titles.
Who's that weirdo at the top?
Seems to be a recurring motif.
That's Lenny the Troll.
He's their mascot.
That's who they're talking
about when they sing, "Summon
the Troll to sit on the pole and
lift up the pole," and then solo.
Yeah, you know, Carl... I think
I'm coming down with something, man.
Are you out of your mind? They're
recording a live album tonight!
We can get obnoxious
and get on the record.
"Loving It Live in Poladelphia".
Poladelphia?
Yeah, the Philly show got canceled,
so they're recording it here!
At the high-school gymnasium!
Shh! Shh! Shut up! Listen!
♪ Young lady and lass,
enter the ass ♪
♪ Open the ring, and
the anus shall sing ♪
Yeah, I hate to miss it.
Meatwad, get that
out of my butt!
98.6. You seem to
feel fine to me.
Sorry, Carl, but we'll
take a rain check.
That's cool.
When you're feeling better,
we'll do the D.C. show.
'Cause I'm following them all
the way down the coast, baby!
Yeah, fun.
I just love this music, you know?
It speaks to me.
In what language, exactly?
God, this place is gonna
get packed to the gills.
Way cool to see all these other
people into what I'm into.
And yet none of them are women.
You said it was gonna
be crawling with trim.
Tonight ain't about whores.
I still plan to get some, but
when you get in the Totem Pole
zone, it's like
nothing else matters.
You hear the klaxon that summons
the Troll... clong, clong, clong.
You'll feel it up your spine.
Is that there the Troll?
That's Lenny. Uh, don't...
don't look over there.
Wow, he looks even
smaller in person.
We ought to talk to him...
Well, maybe not.
I don't want to bother him before the show.
Lenny!! Lenny!
- Did he look over?
- He's looking at us, Carl.
- Hey, Lenny.
- Sorry! It was him!
He did that! You don't talk
to Lenny unless spoken to!
Wait, hang on, no.
Buy me a baseball Jersey, bumper
sticker, and fridge magnet.
- Get them all signed.
- The lights are going down.
Meatman, where you going?
I'm going home. I'm
afraid of the dark.
The legend has it in their
albums that when they form
the pole, it's an antenna
to the underworld.
So, the skeletons will rise
and America will learn.
- What will they learn?
- I don't know.
That is to be revealed
on future albums.
Raise the pole!
Okay, I'm gonna up of the stage.
You catch me, all right?
Okay.
Oh, what a hell?
I told you to catch me!
- I tried.
- All right, look.
I'm gonna go up there again.
But next time, you catch me!
We're gonna summon
the Troll, yeah!
Hey! Wait!
Wait! No! No! Don't!
Don't! Please, don't! Don't!
Carl, all right! You
summoned the Troll, man!
I can't breathe!
Wait, hang on. We'd like to ask you,
please stop punching the Troll.
We only have four
trolls for this tour.
They are very expensive.
They hards to trap.
And if we damage this one, we'll only have
three left, and two of them are sick.
Sorry.
Okay, let's pick it up at
"Who Will Light the Fire."
Hey, check it out, Carl!
I got a backstage laminate.
Hey, people really
cleared out of here.
What's going on down there?
Oh, that's never gonna fit!
He's too big!
It fits! Skeletons,
rise, my children!
Oh [bleep] skeletons!
Get the wristbands, the
bandanas and the t-shirts!
- Help me deflate the zeppelin!
- Mario, get the amps!
Why'd the music stop?
What's going on?
I'm hoping it's the fire
marshal shutting it down!
Come on! They only
played one song!
Someone grab the Troll!
I can't get him off.
It's like he's glued.
- We'll find another troll in D.C.!
- They're Swedish trolls!
Let's ship one overnight.
Hurry up! Lets go!
Hang on! Wait! No! No!
Don't go away! Stop!
- Can I get a picture with you?
- Oh, man, yeah, sure. Quickly.
Shake, get my camera out of my ass.
Hand it to the Troll.
- Ohh, ow!
- Here it is!
How's it look? We got
time for another one?
Got to go, guy.
Thanks for coming.
See you guys in D.C.!
Totem Pole rules!
How we gonna get home, Carl?
I can drive. I only had
like... uh, eight beers.
- Yeah, but can you see?
- Not what I want to see.
We better call a cab.
Grab my cellphone out of my ass
and pass it up to the Troll.
Aah! Ohh, oh, okay.
I'm holding it out
with my right hand.
Reach!
To your right.
There you go. You got it.
Hey, Lenny! The cab's
on speed dial.
Ask for a van with a luggage rack and
tell him to bring bungee cords.
I think we may have
to ride up top.
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
Lenny, what's it like
working with the band?
Is helment as cool as he seemed
like on the album covers?
Not a lot of oxygen inside this troll.
You know what I mean?
Whew.
- Who, me?
- You might as well sit down.
We're gonna be here awhile. Skeletons
have the place surrounded.
So, where you guys
headed next, huh?
D.C.
If we get there.
Oh, yeah, I knew that. You
know, I shouldn't have asked
it 'cause I read about it on the
blog, I got tickets for that
show, and you guys
are so awesome.
You must score so much
tail in this band.
- So, what do you do?
- I'm between opportunities.
Look, I don't mean to
be disrespectful, here.
I'm just getting a little
claustrophobic, you know?
Please don't fight it.
the Troll gets energy from
you through his butt.
If you fight too hard, he'll clench
and shear your head right off.
Just pass out, and he will
evacuate you from his bowels.
He'll get bored with you.
You're not very interesting.
I heard about that show in Belgium.
I mean, 23 headless corpses?
- 27.
- Geez.
Yeah, we had to fire that troll.
Wow.
Oh, man, I just remembered
we have a live in-studio
performance at K-rock
in Washington.
Washington D.C.'s only home
for east german metal?
- What time?
- 4:00 in the morning.
- Get the guns!
- What about the Troll?
Leave the Troll! We got to go!
- No!
- Oh, man.
You know, I didn't even
think you guys would play
"Polegasm" anymore, but
you freaking led with it.
Ahh, awesome show, dudes!
- They're gone, Carl.
- I'm hearing footsteps.
- Little clickity-clackity, you know?
- Yeah, I hear it, too.
It's like tap shoes, right?
Hey, have you heard any
demos of the new stuff?
- Who, me?
- No, the Troll.
Have you heard any demos?!
He don't speak English.
Ohh! Ohh. Oh, thank God.
Carl, ask the band where they're
partying late night, you know?
- Maybe we can hook up with them?
- Shut up.
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org